Matt Dillahunty saying quote I don't
make arguments against veganism ellipses
ever ellipsis but I'm starting to think
that eating meat is required for clarity
of thought Oh Matt old boy Oh Matt
you're fifty years old and you don't
really know where milk comes from Oh
Matt we just saw you doing a
two-and-a-half-hour debate that was ever
so erudite and one-sided in which you
all totally couldn't do anything with
plead ignorance
oh ho ho Matt you old rib tickler you
Matt you dirt ignorant Texan ex-military
no nothing no-talent bum what why is
Matt Dillon's he taken seriously why he
became a radio personality in Texas on
Texas community radio on the basis of
nothing he keep became known and to some
extent respected for on the one hand you
know being an agony aunt that's an
old-fashioned slang term listening to
people and their problems over the radio
which is you know people called in and
said boy I'm really upset because I've
quit the church and now my whole family
hates me doing that kind of sympathetic
a reception call and then on the other
hand you really he just bullied people
on the phone it was really even there's
there's no reason to respect this guy
intellectually there never has been I
don't make arguments against veganism
ever Oh Matt Delonte continues and you
still fail to accurately represent my
position have some bacon and try again
Oh Matt Oh Matt you slay me you slay me
with your refined abate stylings and
Sensibility could this be the same Matt
Delonte who took on the area di't
Richard I think high school dropout
vegan gains and vintage to lose and then
lie about it on the internet later in
his latest interview with cosmic scams
oh oh yeah you know a vegan gains he had
some really bad arguments and in fact he
even agreed with me yeah right Matt
that's how that conversation Jesus
Christ and he way to wrap this up Matt
Dillahunty school continues yet more
confusion in a
sir shion's when the reality is that I'm
correctly applying the burden of proof
which if you could meet it oh another
little witticism if you could meet the
burden of proof me-80 question mark Oh
Matt Delonte oh if you could meet that
burden of proof you wouldn't keep me too
tweeting against straw man adios and
then oh oh here's the big conclusion
moral obligation versus moral virtue to
learn that first so look it's possible
for me to imagine a conversation in
which Matt Dillahunty was really using
this distinction of moral obligation
versus moral virtue to solve a problem
that's a philosophy supposed to be all
about and he's not I mean this is a
totally snide and insincere you know
dismissal of the problem now also the
concept of burden of proof
sometimes Bertie brew can be very
important scientifically philosophically
even legally this is a joke this is
again this is just totally insincere um
you know dismissal of veganism basically
and again we've just seen recently how
totally incapable he is of taking on
taking on those kinds of questions those
those kinds of problems if you've been
watching this channel for a long long
time I actually discussed the ethics of
the fact we had a leader in the vegan
movement we had a guy here on YouTube
who photographed himself wearing a Nazi
t-shirt and I point out look you know
we're really judging here is not that
the t-shirt does any harm because a lot
of people use kind of phony utilitarian
ethics here the t-shirt did not kill
millions of people buying the t-shirt
doesn't give money to eat off Hitler the
Nazi Party he actually in that case made
the t-shirt himself why is it so
important I'm pretty sure it's because
the judgment were making is on you it's
on the kind of person you are and who
you aspire to be
the the judgment here about Matt
Dillahunty is about what kind of man are
you
that's ultimately what this is if you go
around wearing a t-shirt that says I
don't care about greenhouse gas
emissions pork and bacon or something if
you were a t-shirt that says chicken
wings for life or their I don't care
about heart attacks you just want to eat
beef you don't care about animal rights
you just want to eat deep fried chicken
that tells me a lot about you Matt it
tells me a lot about your morality and
the way you so cynically invoke you know
moral obligation versus moral virtue
which again from what I've seen well III
don't okay if this were you know a
legitimate area of philosophical inquiry
if this is a philosophy that really
meant something what problem does it
solve what is the research question that
is addressed by this now really really
briefly I have been in several debates
about the existence of objective
morality with people who are sincerely
interested in talking about it and one
of the things that point out in those
debates this isn't the end of the
discussion
I say look suppose you have two people
and one believes the value of art is
completely subjective
it can never be you know fully specified
iterated or it can never be made
objective that ultimately beauty is in
the eye of the beholder
whether or not something is a great
painting depends on different kinds of
cultural and interpersonal and maybe
even economic and aesthetic
considerations that ultimately are
utterly subjective they're no more real
than a dream people decide the Mona Lisa
is a great painting and then it's a
great painting as a bunch of people feel
that way and that's about it and people
can change their minds work of art a
film a movie is considered the greatest
film of its era and ten years later
doesn't seem so great anymore that
that's it there's nothing objective and
then suppose someone else enters that
that debate that discourse says no they
feel really strongly that there is a an
objective an objective set of criteria
that define some films as objectively
good
and some is objectively bad some
paintings as objectively that there is
some spectrum of objectively real
criteria that can establish whether art
is good or bad
even if that were conceded unless their
position is that all art can be
objectively evaluate this way then the
argument is ultimately ridiculous and
spurious and immaterial because look if
you take a great painting you've taken
the Mona Lisa and you light it on fire
and then you use display the burned
ruins the burnt remains the Mona Lisa
can you make an argument that
objectively it's not a great painting
anymore like of Jade's not visible and
more it's been charred and and you know
what's it's been damaged beyond
recognition
oh okay so gee we seem to be dealing
with an objectively real criterion of
something being a good painting like you
can see it you know like okay a great
work of architecture still has to be
standing and not destroyed an earthquake
a great film oh yeah we watching Game of
Thrones recently and the lighting is so
bad you know okay so maybe there are
objective criteria for lighting and
color balance it was something that once
you're into objective criteria you're
never going to be talking about the
range of things that were really
debating that really matter in real life
in art so really really briefly if you
have a bunch of applicants for a
scholarship let's keep it on the same
topic you have a bunch of aspiring young
painters who send in their best works of
art send in their drawings and their
paintings and say hey I want a
scholarship to go to arts college I want
an opportunity to study at some some art
academy you are not going to be debating
if you were on the committee who chooses
the winners and losers choose who gets
the scholarship and who does not you are
not going to be debating objectively
great art an objectively terrible art
wasn't being objectively good and bad
art if any of the applicants are so
terrible that there's no debate about
that it's in that realm then those are
not going to be what your attention to
and eseni of them are so wonderful so go
wow this kid is amazingly fantastic
then they're in the pile of people who
are definitely getting the this
scholarship all of your time and energy
is going to be on the cases that are
near the border line near the cutoff
where it's like well look we only have
fifty scholarships we can give fifty
students a chance this education so
you're probably not even going to
discuss the best 40 and you're not going
to discuss the worst 200 however my new
god okay there are going to be just a
couple of cases near the cutoff line and
all of the time and effort of the
committee is going to be directed
towards that so this brings us back to a
case like Cuba a case like Iran okay
Cuba is not Nancy Germany it's not there
aren't gas chambers
there isn't a holocaust going on there
that's so unbelievably awful that it
justifies invading Cuba and shutting
down the gas chambers if it were it
wouldn't be difficult to talk about
right human rights problems in Iran
they're bad not remotely as bad as let's
see Germany it doesn't cross any of the
thresholds where you can say okay look
they're digging mass graves this is a
situation so extreme that we have to
have war intervention okay the other
examples I used prostitution the view of
the left wing and the right wing and the
Center on prostitution it's a problem
the corrupting influence of prostitution
in society whether it's you know my
ex-girlfriend going to her high school
and they're being recruiters there or
actually I've heard that a lot about
Japan - they're being kind of recruiters
on the streets of Tokyo okay you know
there are there are these you know
troubling questions about prostitution
but this is not in the realm of some
kind of objectively real humanitarian
disaster where we then don't have to
have the conversation okay drinking
water is poisoning people and they're
dropping dead in the thousands no debate
it's an objectively real problem for
government policy governments can
intervene guess what even if it's
counter to your constitution if you
happen to be living in a country where
like let's say that it said in the
Constitution the federal government will
have nothing to do with drinking water
that remains the municipal governments
problems just for the city code doesn't
matter they'll send in the FBI or the
CIA or the send in the National Guard
they'll send in the army they'll do
people are dropping dead because there's
a drinking water problem we're into the
realm of objectively real problems so
again
Oh at what point is it a moral
obligation as opposed to a moral virtue
Tabs government intervention that policy
device should have these guns political
measures it's irrelevant those are never
going to be the cases or paying
attention to we're always going to be
looking at questions of virtue and we're
gonna be looking at the most dubitable
the most doubtful the most you know the
the gray areas that are the hardest to
deal with right and I don't I don't see
anyone really sitting around wanting to
morally ponder whether or not you should
have an intervention when it's an
absolute clear-cut case of mass
poisoning mass murderers something you
know okay these are these are areas
where we need you know government
intervention as as soon as well even an
earthquake
that's the earthquake that destroyed
Haiti forget how many years ago now okay
gee we'd we need some some kind of
intervention okay you know what I've
been to downtown Los Angeles I've been
to the bit of the beach where was at
Venice Beach those Angeles I could take
some photographs of Venice Beach in Los
Angeles where the humanitarian disaster
looks worse than some parts of Haiti
after the earthquake you know you got
people you know sleeping on the street
sleeping in tents you've got you've got
a kind of slow-motion humanitarian
disaster in Venice Beach and Los Angeles
right we're never going to be discussing
or debating the the situation's of moral
obligation all of these debates are
going to be in the area of moral virtue
and they're going to be in the most gray
the most indecisive the most difficult
areas about you okay look guys I'll wrap
it up for this video there um Matt
Dillahunty
always was an idiot his whole line of
approach on objective morality and moral
obligation is not a philosophy I would
go so far to say that this is an anti
philosophy because it's doing the exact
opposite of what a philosophy ought to
do philosophies are about problem
solving methods they are not about
obfuscation
and all he's doing with his
quote/unquote philosophy is obfuscating
and evading the point when he is
presented with a genuine philosophical
problem and compared to the future of
Iran the future of Cuba the future of
Venice Beach Los Angeles or the future
of prostitution veganism veganism has
got to be one of the easiest moral
quandaries to think your way out
someone who dodged the call from vegan
gains again and again and Gentiles you
know being is trying to set up an
appointment someone whose dodges you
spend your whole life dodging these
questions that's what you are man Matt
Delonte you are a moral and intellectual
coward and yet you've made a career out
of grandstanding on what you yourself
say is one of the simplest issues in the
world to grandstand on you think you're
a genius because you figured out that
when you pray to God nobody is listening
well
clap-clap-clap you caught up with
something most of us knew at 12 years
old and that doesn't put you in any
position of moral leadership
it doesn't make you an intellectual it
doesn't make you a philosopher it makes
you apathetic self-important dried-up
Texan military man and I know we all
know but after he did the the radio show
he used to post where they would go to
go to dinner after there the radio show
supporters of the show can come and eat
here you can see the [ __ ] menu and
Matt if you got to age 50 and you never
really sat down and wonder oh where does
cheese come from you're still catching
up with a whole lot of stuff that we
knew at about age 12 and ultimately the
purpose of philosophy is not just to
understand the world it's to change it I
don't know how you've managed to go so
far as a public intellectual well having
absolutely no positive vision of the
future of the world being a better place
and of what you've got to do the
sacrifices you've got to make the town
of commitment and hard work you'd have
to do to accomplish it it's just it's
just too much to ask for Matt Dillahunty
to stop eating bacon to stop eating
cheese
Matt when you read the history books who
do you look up to I've never heard him
talk I've never really heard him talk
about books I read in that way he really
seems to be a kind of a literate
troglodyte to be quite honest with you
but like you know if if you who are thus
who are the heroes now for people in
secularism I mean is it you know is it
Galileo standing up and Diane you know
for what he believes in from is it
Socrates you know Socrates who
ultimately was put to death for what he
believed in you know whose shoes would
you walk a mile with Matt I mean is it
is it somebody like Martin Luther King
whose life again died with a bullet to
the head but it before that once you
know Matt if you believe in this cause
this benighted cause you've you've
chosen for yourself I think it's time
for you to stand up and start being a
little bit more of a heroic figure if
not at age 50 you know you know what one
is it
[Laughter]
[Music]